Thu May 20 01:31:35 CDT 2010

    Getting a bit too big, so what will I do without? My thought is to give up
    on map multibinding and make multibinding a by-product of calling bind more
    than once. The first binding is returned for a single binding, the set of
    bindings is returned for a multi-binding and any binding can be requested as
    a set.

Tue May 18 11:45:51 CDT 2010

    Implementing scopes, it occurs to me that the problem I was having was with
    the implementation of custom scopes. I don't want to implment them. I'd
    rather declare custom scopes, then have something that I can store if need
    be. Singleton is obviously always there, it is the in root scope, then you
    can have Scopes for each level, these are InjectorScoped. You always look
    in the local scope. Unscoped classes are never stored. No custom scopes. Who
    ever is manipulating the Injector can get an object that you can write to
    file.

Tue May 18 10:10:29 CDT 2010

    Never going to support circular injection. It is dishonest. That is the
    notion of building an object graph through constructors only, which is not
    possible, and the solution, a proxy object that is not initialized is
    dishonest. Someone needs to be responsible. One node adds the other. That
    way the code block can first create the reference to the other node, then
    call a setter method to have the node create the reference back, but knowing
    that the code is created correctly.
    
    If you want to do this through an actor, it makes more sense to do this
    through fields, since you can be certain that there are no side effects,
    that by setting the edge, the node won't attempt to use the other node which
    may not have its edge set.

Tue May 18 09:40:03 CDT 2010

    Code for reflection is much smaller without Reflective. In fact, the
    wrapping Reflective might be a smaller overall dependency, because creating
    the new annonymous inner classes incurs quite a penalty. Reflective itself
    is 4K, and each use is going to be 1K, so you'll need to use it six times to
    reach the 10K that it was.
